[OSDOCS-20299]: CQA: HCP on bare metal disconnected (1 of 2) (#113856)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-dc-apply-objects.adoc

Reviewer: AFIAK this is only true with oc mirror v1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `oc mirror` mirroring file initiates a `MachineConfig` change that does not restart your nodes but restarts the kubelet on each of them. After the nodes are marked as `READY`, you need to apply the newly generated catalog sources.
```

Reviewer: should this just be IDMS now? 4.20?

Author: will check with engineering and revise this in a separate PR if needed

[id="hcp-dc-apply-objects_{context}"]
= Applying objects in the management cluster

[role="_abstract"]

> After the mirroring process is complete, you need to apply two objects in the management cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the mirroring process is complete, you must apply two objects required for mirroring in the management cluster.
```

You apply the following objects:

> * `ImageContentSourcePolicy` (ICSP) or `ImageDigestMirrorSet` (IDMS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ImageDigestMirrorSet` (IDMS)
```
ICSP is deprecated; oc mirror v2 only uses IDMS

Author: I'll make a note to check with engineering about this.
